README.md, before:

# GroceryCo-Checkout-System-Solution

## Overview

GroceryCo wants to develop a checkout system. Their pricing schemes are defined such as apples cost `75 cents` each three apples cost `$2.00`
Implement a checkout system which handles their pricing schemes.

## Details

- Write a console program which takes as input an unsorted list of single items from a shopping cart and performs a `check-out`: printing an itemized receipt and total price.
- Item prices can be defined in several ways.
- An item may be priced individually.
- For example, the 'Apple' item might cost 75 cents.
- Item prices may also be based on quantity purchased
  For example, as a promotion, you may buy three `Apples` for `$2.00`.
  Other promotions could be `buy one get one free” or “buy one, get one for 50% off`
- The checkout should be able to accept items in any order and calculate the price appropriately.
  For example, an Apple might be scanned, followed by 2 Oranges, and then an Apple again.
- Prices and promotions often change at the last minute. Each time a checkout transaction begins, the system should accept a set of pricing rules for all items.
  Note that there may be multiple pricing rules.
  Submit your solution via a GitHub repository. Include a README with any necessary information.
  The solution may use third party libraries but must be supplied.
- Submissions are due three (3) days from receipt of this exercise.

## User Stories

- A User must be able to imput a single unsorted list of items into a command line interface
- The user must recieve an itemzed receipt and total price as an output
- An item may be priced individually

## Design Considerations

- What format do the pricing rules need to be in?
- How do we design the pricing ruled?
- Future Considerations - how to scale and add new pricing rules in the future.

## Dependencies

## Criteria

The solution will be examined from these perspectives:

- good design
- readability
- maintenance
- testing
- operational-ness
- aesthetics

Commit message:

add design consideration for allowable items

README.md, after:

# GroceryCo-Checkout-System-Solution

## Overview

GroceryCo wants to develop a checkout system. Their pricing schemes are defined such as apples cost `75 cents` each three apples cost `$2.00`
Implement a checkout system which handles their pricing schemes.

## Details

- Write a console program which takes as input an unsorted list of single items from a shopping cart and performs a `check-out`: printing an itemized receipt and total price.
- Item prices can be defined in several ways.
- An item may be priced individually.
- For example, the 'Apple' item might cost 75 cents.
- Item prices may also be based on quantity purchased
  For example, as a promotion, you may buy three `Apples` for `$2.00`.
  Other promotions could be `buy one get one free” or “buy one, get one for 50% off`
- The checkout should be able to accept items in any order and calculate the price appropriately.
  For example, an Apple might be scanned, followed by 2 Oranges, and then an Apple again.
- Prices and promotions often change at the last minute. Each time a checkout transaction begins, the system should accept a set of pricing rules for all items.
  Note that there may be multiple pricing rules.
  Submit your solution via a GitHub repository. Include a README with any necessary information.
  The solution may use third party libraries but must be supplied.
- Submissions are due three (3) days from receipt of this exercise.

## User Stories

- A User must be able to imput a single unsorted list of items into a command line interface
- The user must recieve an itemzed receipt and total price as an output
- An item may be priced individually

## Design Considerations

- What format do the pricing rules need to be in?
- How do we design the pricing ruled?
- Future Considerations - how to scale and add new pricing rules in the future.
- What items do we want to allow a pre-determined set of items in an array or any items within reason?

## Dependencies

- Jest
- ChalkJS

## Criteria

The solution will be examined from these perspectives:

- good design
- readability
- maintenance
- testing
- operational-ness
- aesthetics
